GRPC V2 : Send Block Item (#213)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Account List
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Block Items
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Consensus Status/Info

> - Added support for GRPC V2 Send Block Item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for GRPC V2 'SendBlockItem' for sending a transaction. 
```

Author: done
